# How to setup and configure this wiki
Minimal installation of ikiwiki on FreeBSD.

## Ikiwiki installation
First install the wiki wiki from ports:
    
    sudo portmaster www/ikiwiki

Then initialize new wiki:

    ikiwiki --setup /usr/local/etc/ikiwiki/auto.setup

where a couple of questions will be asked:

    What will the wiki be named? Hyggehackwiki
    What revision control system to use? git
    What wiki user (or openid) will be admin? lolletrolden
    Choose a password:

The admin user and password is probably not that important since we will not be using the cgi-functionality. After answering the questions the wiki is created and the installation completes outputting something like:

    Successfully set up Hyggehackwiki:
        url:         http://example.com/~lolletrolden/Hyggehackwiki
        srcdir:      ~/Hyggehackwiki
        destdir:     ~/public_html/Hyggehackwiki
        repository:  ~/Hyggehackwiki.git
    To modify settings, edit ~/Hyggehackwiki.setup and then run:
        ikiwiki --setup ~/Hyggehackwiki.setup

Then fetch the theme we are going to use and put together with the other themes:

    sudo git clone git://src.anarcat.ath.cx/night_city && sudo mv night_city /usr/local/share/ikiwiki/themes/

Next, edit the newly created `Hyggehackwiki.setup` file. Change
    # enable Discussion pages?
    discussion: 1

to
    # enable Discussion pages?
    discussion: 0

Add 'theme' plugin and remove 'websetup' plugin since we are not going to use it. 'add_plugins' entry should look like this

    add_plugins:
    - goodstuff
    - theme

and then add the theme:

    # name of theme to enable
    theme: night_city

Outcomment all the cgi-related options in `Hyggehackwiki.setup`, i.e.:

    # url to the ikiwiki.cgi
    #cgiurl: http://example.com/~lolletrolden/Hyggehackwiki/ikiwiki.cgi
    # do not adjust cgiurl if CGI is accessed via different URL
    reverse_proxy: 0
    # filename of cgi wrapper to generate
    #cgi_wrapper: /usr/home/lolletrolden/public_html/Hyggehackwiki/ikiwiki.cgi
    # mode for cgi_wrapper (can safely be made suid)
    #cgi_wrappermode: 06755
    # number of seconds to delay CGI requests when overloaded
    #cgi_overload_delay: ''
    # message to display when overloaded (may contain html)
    #cgi_overload_message: ''

and diasble cgi plugin:

    # plugins to disable
    disable_plugins: [cgi]

Then rebuild the wiki and that should be it! Now, clone the git-repository behind the wiki 

    git clone Hyggehackwiki.git Hyggehackwiki_editable_repos

and start writing it! :) Remember to `git push` the changes back to the wiki.

## Configuring nginx

Code snippet for nginx:

    server {
        listen          127.0.0.1:80 default;

        access_log      /usr/local/www/logs/access.log  combined;
        root            /usr/home/lolletrolden/public_html/Hyggehackwiki/;
        index           index.html index.htm;

        location / {
                try_files $uri $uri/ /index.html;
        }

    }

